Add inline documentation (#90)
nethesis/nethvoice-report: ui/src/doc-inline/en/data_summary_2_table_failed.md

# Failed Calls

> *Failed* calls data for queues selected in
> set period, the data are grouped according to the choice made
> in the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Failed* calls data for selected queue in a specific time range.
Data are grouped according to the chosen filter criteria.
```

*Failed* calls are calls that entered the queue after one
wait greater than the minimum wait set have been closed since

> caller.

Reviewer: ??

The items shown for *Failed* calls are:

- `Grouping Period`
- `Queue Number`
- `Queue Name`
- `Unique Callers`: total telephone numbers that have entered the queue
counted individually
- `Total Abandoned Calls`
- `Maximum, minimum, average wait`: before abandonment
- `Maximum queue entry position`
- `Average queue entry position`
- `Maximum exit queue position`
- `Medium queue exit position`

If no queues have been selected, the data of all will be shown

> the queues available.

Reviewer: ??
